Boundaries every woman must set with
men. Number one, disrespect is an
immediate demotion. You do not negotiate
for basic human decency, okay? Number
two, you're not his free therapist. He
must manage his own emotional baggage.
Number three, you only value what he
actually does. Promises without proof
are just noise. Number four, you're not
his emergency fund or lender. His
financial incompetence is not your
problem to solve and it never will be.
Number five, your time, body, and energy
are privileges he earns, not the rights
he is given. Number six, you date the
man he is today, not the man he could be
someday. Number seven, any lingering
attachment to an ex is immediate
disqualification. Number eight, your
relationship is not public performance.
He does not get to curate your online
image. Number nine, you're not a backup
plan. Last-minute dates are for booty
calls, not for queens, okay? And number
10, he does not get to take out his bad
mood on you. Let me know in the comments
if you want a part two.